Added a bit more info to Github Actions page (#11)
hyphacoop/docs.distributed.press: pages/deployment/github-actions.mdx

# Deploying with Github Actions
<APIWarning/>

> [This Github action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/publish-to-distributed-press) will zip your site together in a single file and use the Distributed Press to create and make updates to the content published on your web server every time it is triggered (this particular project is triggered when you push to the `main` branch of the Github Repo the Github Action is created in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[This Github action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/publish-to-distributed-press) will tar your site together into a single file and use the Distributed Press API to create and make updates to the content published on your web server every time it is triggered. This particular project is triggered when you push to the `main` branch of the Github Repo the Github Action is created in.
```

This will build and publish your site to the Distributed Press
instance hosted at `https://your-hosted.dp.instance`

The  `with`: section of the Github Action has a some fields which are 
required, such as `refresh_token` and `site_url` 
(if you are hosting an HTTP site), since they are unique to your site. 
The other fields that you want to specify can be also be added to your 
Github action to customize your site deployment. 

> Each of the `deploy_http:`,  `deploy_hyper:`, and `deploy_ipfs` can be true or false, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the `deploy_http:`,  `deploy_hyper:`, and `deploy_ipfs:` can be true or false, 
```
